1 FRIENDSHIP
1 Friends with benefits
2 Went to high school together
3 “You let me down when I needed it most!”
4 Fought side by side in the war
5 Friendship ended after one humiliated the other
6 Spiritual advisor / truth-seeker
2 FAMILY
1 Husband and wife
2 Ex-husband and ex-wife
3 Siblings
4 Identical twins
5 Stepchildren
6 Parent and child
3 crime
1 Blood brothers in the Kansas City Mafia
2 Mortal enemies in the Kansas City Mafia
3 Together, planned and executed a daring, drunken theft of the badger from its pen in Manna’s tiny zoo
4 Watched June Alexander’s murder and did nothing to stop it
5 Got caught setting a fire
6 Did three years together in Lansing Correctional Facility
4 COMMUNITY
1 Neighbors
2 VFW Post 1161
3 Manna First Baptist Church
4 Manna high school football
5 National Pony Express Association, “an all-volunteer, non-profit historical organization for the purpose of identifying, reestablishing, and marking the original pony express trail”
6 Bingo!
5 romance
1 Forbidden love
2 Infatuation
3 Romantic bliss
4 On the rocks
5 Insane jealousy
6 Loathing
6 work
1 Manager and employee
2 Sergeant and private
3 Innkeeper and guest
4 Seventh Degree Master of Fell Secrets and Initiate
5 Lawyer and client
6 Doctor and patient
1 TO GET EVEN
1 ... by taking what is rightfully yours
2 ... by destroying what she never should have had in the first place
3 ... by humiliating him
4 ... but no one can know it was you
5 ... and everyone has to know it was you
6 ... for the good of America
2 TO GET OUT
1 … of these handcuffs
2 … of sight for a while
3 ... of your “relationship”
4 ... of a promise you made
5 ... of your marriage
6 … of your contract
3 TO GET RESPECT
1 ... by making everyone afraid of you
2 ... by making everyone mad at you
3 ... through the exercise of subtle mystical powers
4 ... from the one you love
5 ... from the one you hate
6 ... by living an epic story that will make you a hero forever
4 TO GET LAID
1 ... because she can protect me
2 ... because I can use him to get what I really want
3 ... because that’s what you do when you are deeply in love
4 ... because I want to hurt someone else
5 ... to propagate your superior bloodline
6 ... to prove you are not the slightest bit gay
5 TO GET RICH
1 ... and you don’t care who you have to hurt to get it
2 ... but no one can know it was you
3 ... and everyone has to know it was you
4 ... right now!
5 ... but the money isn’t for you. It’s for somebody who needs it bad.
6 ... enough to buy your safety
6 TO GET THE TRUTH
1 ... for the good of America
2 ... about what really happened to him
3 ... about the cover-up in Manna
4 ... about what happened to the loot
5 ... about why they did what they did to you
6 ... about who you really are
1 OUT FRONT
1 In the dry swimming pool, currently filled with dead leaves
2 The flagpole, flying a crisp American flag
3 The trunk of a car
4 Out by the road, where you can see who’s coming half a mile away
5 The dumpster - vandals have spray-painted “USA #1” on it
6 Under the old, spreading oak tree. This tree must have been alive for at least a hundred years.
2 INSIDE
1 A ransacked guest room with holes in the walls and ceiling
2 A guest room sealed off since forever
3 Next door
4 A flyspecked windowsill
5 Taped under a rug in one of the guest rooms
6 In the tank of the toilet
3 OUT BACK
1 The fuse box - a pair of wires runs from the box into the woods
2 The tornado shelter, its steel door rusted thin
3 There’s just enough room for one person to squeeze between the fuel-oil tank and the outside wall of the office
4 A gully leading down to Sumida Creek
5 A laundry line with two sheets and a pair of men’s boxer shorts clipped to it
6 Out by the long-neglected lawnmower
4 EMPLOYEES ONLY
1 The safe
2 The office
3 The room where the manager lives, formerly a guest room
4 The desk drawers in the office
5 Up on the roof
6 The supply closet, containing a jug of ammonia and a nest of snakes
5 NEARBY
1 The dirt road to town
2 The railroad tracks
3 Sumida Creek Lake
4 A clearing in the woods, with a fire pit and a makeshift altar
5 Ed Keith’s buffalo ranch
6 The old cemetery, unused since the fifties
6 IN TOWN
1 Manna High School
2 The Tyrell & Janes Bank
3 The abandoned Manna railroad station
4 Manna First Baptist Church
5 A padlocked entrance to the underground walkways
6 A tiny zoo - no larger than a city block - run for some reason by the local power utility
1 UNTOWARD
1 A detailed diagram of the interior of the Tyrell & Janes Bank
2 A peephole
3 Five photos held together by a rubber band. Each photo features a different disemboweled corpse surrounded by hooded figures.
4 A long, blond wig, matted with blood
5 The wrong gun
6 Seven dried ears on a dirty string
2 INFORMATION
1 A WPA mural from 1940 in the lobby of the post office downtown
2 A map showing the 19th-century maze of walkways and passages beneath the streets of Manna.
3 Clipped from a magazine and carefully pressed in a book, an article about “Brother John” Lazia, crime boss in the Kansas City Mafia
4 A photo of the 1931 all-Asian Manna High School football team
5 A Polaroid of Sumida Creek Lake with a penciled “X”
6 A medal. The front side shows two men on horseback in mid-gallop exchanging a mailbag. One of the men is Caucasian; the other has distinctly Asian features. Motto: “Duty drives us -- We stop for none.” The back side has the inscription, “1931”.
3 WEAPONS
1 A dagger with a bone handle and a wavy blade. The blade has the inscription, E PLURIBUS UNUM.
2 Two gallons of gasoline
3 A spiked pit
4 A Smith & Wesson Model 10 government-issue revolver, dating from World War II, fully loaded with vintage ammo
5 A Tommy gun, disassembled and carefully wrapped in oily rags to prevent rust
6 A shovel
4 TRANSPORTATION
1 A tractor
2 A two-ton flatbed truck with an arc welder strapped to its bed
3 A pickup truck, dented and dirty
4 A Mercedes with a rotten smell
5 An ambulance
6 An empty boxcar on a forgotten siding
5 VALUABLES
1 A tiara, hammered flat, jewels removed
2 A broken-down 18-wheeler loaded with buffalo jerky
3 A bag containing $50,000 of raw gold dust and nuggets, reportedly buried somewhere around Sumida Creek Lake in the 19th century
4 A black bear, recently housed at the local zoo
5 A samurai sword with an engraving at the base of its blade
6 A box of gold teeth
6 SENTIMENTAL
1 A U.S. Navy sea bag full of broken padlocks, all violently torn apart
2 An unsigned postcard from Niagara Falls, postmarked 1934, addressed to “Johnny” care of the Manna post office. Inscription: “You can count on me.”
3 A death mask of President McKinley
4 A fossil of a fish with red candle wax dripped all over it
5 A buck’s head, stuffed and mounted, mouth agape, glass eyes wild with terror. It is impossible for anyone to sleep with this thing in the same room with them.
6 A photo of five U.S. soldiers in Vietnam-era uniforms, arms around each-others’ shoulders.